docs: updated nft-checkout-primary-with-moonpay (#180)
immutable/imx-docs: docs/main/guides/advanced-guides/nft-checkout-primary-with-moonpay.md

---
id: "nft-checkout-primary-with-moonpay"
title: "How to set up endpoints required for the Moonpay NFT primary sale checkout feature"
slug: "/nft-checkout-primary-with-moonpay"
sidebar_position: 4
keywords: [imx-payments]
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import ListAdmonition from '@site/src/components/ListAdmonition';

:::warning Feature for managed partners only
This is a feature intended for managed partners.

> In order to register please reach out to your Partner Success Manager, who will put you in touch with Moonpay to facilitate a commercial partnership.

Reviewer: "Partner Success Manager" does not need to be capitalised - just "partner success manager" will do

Please reach out to your Launch Engineer who can run you through what is required for this implementation.
If you're not a managed partner or get stuck at any point, reach out to us via the [#dev-discussion channel in discord](https://discord.gg/7URHuYFCN4).
:::

Primary NFT checkout feature enables users to mint and own an asset using credit card powered by Moonpay.

> You need to be integrated with IMX platform and Moonpay to use this feature.
> To integrate with them, follow these steps:
> 1. Register with IMX platform by providing required endpoints and,
> 2. Build a commercial partnership with Moonpay, which can only be facilitated by your Partner Success Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use this feature, you need to complete the following:
1. Establish a commercial partnership with Moonpay (your partner success manager will facilitate this for you)
2. [Register with ImmutableX with the required endpoints](#how-to-set-up-and-register-endpoints)
```

> This tutorial provides a guide on how to set up endpoints required to register with IMX platform in order to access the [fiat NFT Checkout feature with Moonpay](https://docs.x.immutable.com/docs/link-nft-checkout-primary/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to set up and register endpoints
```

> <ListAdmonition>
>     <ul>
>         <li><a href="#1-create-two-endpoints">Create two endpoints</a></li>
>         <li><a href="#2-Register-with-IMX-platform-using-created-endpoints">Register with IMX platform using created endpoints</a></li>
>         <li><a href="#2-Validate-trigger-mint-request-is-sent-by-IMX">Validate trigger mint request is sent by IMX</a></li>
>  </ul>
> </ListAdmonition>

Reviewer: Please use an ordered list

```suggestion
<ListAdmonition title="Steps:">
    <ol>
        <li><a href="#1-create-endpoints">Create required endpoints</a></li>
        <li><a href="#2-Register-with-IMX-platform-using-created-endpoints">Register with ImmutableX using created endpoints</a></li>
        <li><a href="#2-Validate-trigger-mint-request-is-sent-by-IMX">Validate that the trigger mint request is sent by ImmutableX</a></li>
   </ol>
</ListAdmonition>
```

> ## 1: Create two endpoints 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1. Create endpoints 
```

> You are required to provide two endpoints for the Primary NFT Checkout with Moonpay before you can register with IMX platform:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are required to provide the following endpoints:
```

* [Get asset info](#Get-asset-info-endpoint): An endpoint to get information about the minted asset & render the checkout.

> * [Triggering the mint](#Triggering-the-mint-endpoint): An endpoint to mint the asset, once payment has been confirmed with Moonpay.

Reviewer: Number this list

> * [Get asset info](#Get-asset-info-endpoint): An endpoint to get information about the minted asset & render the checkout.
> * [Triggering the mint](#Triggering-the-mint-endpoint): An endpoint to mint the asset, once payment has been confirmed with Moonpay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Trigger the mint](#Triggering-the-mint-endpoint): An endpoint to mint the asset once payment has been confirmed with Moonpay
2. [Get asset info](#Get-asset-info-endpoint): An endpoint to get information about the minted asset and render the checkout
```

> ### Get asset info endpoint

Reviewer: Swap this section with the trigger mint section

        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>price</td>
            <td>Price of this offer</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>price_currency_code</td>
            <td>Currency code of this offer, for instance, "ETH", "USDC"</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>seller_address</td>
            <td>Address on which Moonpay will transfer crypto</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

```shell
Example Request: GET /:contract_address/:offer_id

Status: 200
Response: {
 "offer_id": "123",
 "contract_address": "0xacb3...",
 "name": "SiShinylver Card Pack",
 "collection": "Gods Unchained",
 "image_url": "https://images.godsunchained.com/cardpack-images--marketing/256/mortal--neutral--shiny--legendary.png",
 "price": "125.29",
 "price_currency_code": "USD",
 "seller_address": "0xacb3...",
}
```

:::info Unavailable offer
If an offer is unavailable, a response should return `404 - Not Found`.
```
Status: 404
Response: {
 "code": "404", // the error code
 "message": "Missing offer", // the error message
 "details": "The offer id {offer_id} is not a valid offer for purchase" // the error details
}
```
:::

### Triggering the mint endpoint

> This endpoint will be used to trigger mint:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Headers required:
```

<table>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <th>Header name</th>
            <th>Header description</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>IMX-Signature</td>

>             <td><a href="#How-to-generate-IMX-Signature">IMX Signature</a> header that should be validated</td>

Reviewer: This link doesn't go anywhere

>             <td><a href="#How-to-generate-IMX-Signature">IMX Signature</a> header that should be validated</td>

Reviewer: This isn't really descriptive. Can we please make the description clearer?

Also, append it with `([How to generate](#-insert-relative-markdown-link))`

        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>IMX-Timestamp</td>

>             <td>Timestamp header to validate IMX-Signature <a href="https://docs.x.immutable.com/docs/deep-dive-api-concepts/#imx-timestamp-string">refer</a></td>

Reviewer: * Use a relative link to the Markdown file.

        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### Request:
```

<table>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <th>Request Property name</th>
            <th>Description</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>offer_id</td>
            <td>Offer ID</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>contract_address</td>
            <td>Contract address that will be used for minting</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>user</td>
            <td>User address that should get NFT</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>wallet_address</td>
            <td>Seller wallet address on which Moonpay will transfer crypto </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>external_transaction_id</td>
            <td>Unique IMX transaction ID that can be used to get transaction info</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### Response:
```

            <td>token_id</td>
            <td>Minted token ID</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>tx_id</td>
            <td>Transaction ID that returns as a response of <a href="/reference#/operations/mintTokens">IMX minting token</a></td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

### How to generate IMX-Signature

The `IMX-Signature` can be generated by concatenating following:
```
- IMX-Timestamp header
- The character `.`
- The actual JSON payload
```

```shell
Request: POST /mint
headers: {
  "IMX-Signature": "5257a869e7ecebeda32affa62cdca3fa51cad7e77a0e56ff536d0ce8e108d8bd",
  "IMX-Timestamp": "1492774577"
}

data: {
  "offer_id": "string",
  "contract_address": "string",
  "user": "string",
  "wallet_address": "string",
  "external_transaction_id": "string(UUID)",
}

Status: 200
Response: {
  "contract_address": "string",
  "token_id": "string",
  "tx_id": 0
}
```

:::info Error on mint
If mint fails, please add a response with the error code and message

```shell
Response: {
 "code": "number", // the error code
 "message": "string", // the error message
 "details": "string" // the error details
}
```
:::

## 2: Register with IMX platform using created endpoints

> When these endpoints are complete, reach out to your Partner Success Manager to have these endpoints registered on IMX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you've set up the endpoints required in the previous step, reach out to your partner success manager to register them with ImmutableX.
```

> After registration IMX will send you a webhook key that will be used to validate the signature, when initiating the mint request.

Reviewer: Replace "IMX" with "ImmutableX" in all instances in this doc.

```suggestion
After registration, ImmutableX will send you a webhook key that will be used to validate the signature when initiating mint requests.
```

> ## 3: Validate trigger mint request is sent by IMX

Reviewer: Can we please make this section clearer? What exactly is it doing and why?
